Support formals syntax for argument specification (#81)
r-lib/lifecycle: NEWS.md

# lifecycle (development version)

> * You can now deprecate an argument with `foo(arg)`, not `foo(arg =)` (#78).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can now deprecate an argument with `foo(arg)` instead of `foo(arg =)` (#78).
  This syntax is similar in spirit to the formal arguments of function definitions.
```
